c:\users\андрей\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CustomCalendar\CustomCalendar\bin\Debug\CustomCalendar.exe.config
c:\users\андрей\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CustomCalendar\CustomCalendar\bin\Debug\CustomCalendar.exe
c:\users\андрей\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CustomCalendar\CustomCalendar\bin\Debug\CustomCalendar.pdb
c:\users\андрей\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CustomCalendar\CustomCalendar\obj\Debug\CustomCalendar.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\андрей\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CustomCalendar\CustomCalendar\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
c:\users\андрей\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CustomCalendar\CustomCalendar\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\андрей\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CustomCalendar\CustomCalendar\obj\Debug\CustomCalendar_MarkupCompile.cache
c:\users\андрей\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CustomCalendar\CustomCalendar\obj\Debug\CustomCalendar_MarkupCompile.lref
c:\users\андрей\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CustomCalendar\CustomCalendar\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
c:\users\андрей\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CustomCalendar\CustomCalendar\obj\Debug\CustomCalendar.g.resources
c:\users\андрей\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CustomCalendar\CustomCalendar\obj\Debug\CustomCalendar.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\андрей\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CustomCalendar\CustomCalendar\obj\Debug\CustomCalendar.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\андрей\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CustomCalendar\CustomCalendar\obj\Debug\CustomCalendar.exe
c:\users\андрей\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CustomCalendar\CustomCalendar\obj\Debug\CustomCalendar.pdb
c:\users\андрей\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CustomCalendar\CustomCalendar\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\андрей\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CustomCalendar\CustomCalendar\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
c:\users\андрей\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CustomCalendar\CustomCalendar\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\андрей\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CustomCalendar\CustomCalendar\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
c:\users\андрей\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CustomCalendar\CustomCalendar\bin\Debug\CustomCalendar.DAL.dll
c:\users\андрей\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CustomCalendar\CustomCalendar\bin\Debug\CustomCalendar.DAL.pdb
c:\users\андрей\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CustomCalendar\CustomCalendar\obj\Debug\Resources\Brushes.baml
c:\users\андрей\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CustomCalendar\CustomCalendar\obj\Debug\Resources\Core.baml
c:\users\андрей\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CustomCalendar\CustomCalendar\obj\Debug\App.baml
c:\users\андрей\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CustomCalendar\CustomCalendar\obj\Debug\Resources\Core.g.cs
E:\downloads\CustomCalendar\CustomCalendar\CustomCalendar\bin\Debug\CustomCalendar.exe.config
E:\downloads\CustomCalendar\CustomCalendar\CustomCalendar\obj\Debug\CustomCalendar.exe
E:\downloads\CustomCalendar\CustomCalendar\CustomCalendar\obj\Debug\CustomCalendar.pdb
E:\downloads\CustomCalendar\CustomCalendar\CustomCalendar\bin\Debug\CustomCalendar.exe
E:\downloads\CustomCalendar\CustomCalendar\CustomCalendar\bin\Debug\CustomCalendar.pdb
E:\downloads\CustomCalendar\CustomCalendar\CustomCalendar\bin\Debug\CustomCalendar.DAL.dll
E:\downloads\CustomCalendar\CustomCalendar\CustomCalendar\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.dll
E:\downloads\CustomCalendar\CustomCalendar\CustomCalendar\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
E:\downloads\CustomCalendar\CustomCalendar\CustomCalendar\bin\Debug\CustomCalendar.DAL.pdb
E:\downloads\CustomCalendar\CustomCalendar\CustomCalendar\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.xml
E:\downloads\CustomCalendar\CustomCalendar\CustomCalendar\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
E:\downloads\CustomCalendar\CustomCalendar\CustomCalendar\obj\Debug\CustomCalendar.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
E:\downloads\CustomCalendar\CustomCalendar\CustomCalendar\obj\Debug\Resources\Brushes.baml
E:\downloads\CustomCalendar\CustomCalendar\CustomCalendar\obj\Debug\Resources\Core.baml
E:\downloads\CustomCalendar\CustomCalendar\CustomCalendar\obj\Debug\App.baml
E:\downloads\CustomCalendar\CustomCalendar\CustomCalendar\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
E:\downloads\CustomCalendar\CustomCalendar\CustomCalendar\obj\Debug\Resources\Core.g.cs
E:\downloads\CustomCalendar\CustomCalendar\CustomCalendar\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
E:\downloads\CustomCalendar\CustomCalendar\CustomCalendar\obj\Debug\CustomCalendar_MarkupCompile.cache
E:\downloads\CustomCalendar\CustomCalendar\CustomCalendar\obj\Debug\CustomCalendar_MarkupCompile.lref
E:\downloads\CustomCalendar\CustomCalendar\CustomCalendar\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
E:\downloads\CustomCalendar\CustomCalendar\CustomCalendar\obj\Debug\CustomCalendar.g.resources
E:\downloads\CustomCalendar\CustomCalendar\CustomCalendar\obj\Debug\CustomCalendar.Properties.Resources.resources
E:\downloads\CustomCalendar\CustomCalendar\CustomCalendar\obj\Debug\CustomCalendar.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
C:\Users\Андрей\Downloads\CustomCalendar\CustomCalendar\CustomCalendar\CustomCalendar\bin\Debug\CustomCalendar.exe.config
C:\Users\Андрей\Downloads\CustomCalendar\CustomCalendar\CustomCalendar\CustomCalendar\bin\Debug\CustomCalendar.exe
C:\Users\Андрей\Downloads\CustomCalendar\CustomCalendar\CustomCalendar\CustomCalendar\bin\Debug\CustomCalendar.pdb
C:\Users\Андрей\Downloads\CustomCalendar\CustomCalendar\CustomCalendar\CustomCalendar\bin\Debug\CustomCalendar.DAL.dll
C:\Users\Андрей\Downloads\CustomCalendar\CustomCalendar\CustomCalendar\CustomCalendar\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\Андрей\Downloads\CustomCalendar\CustomCalendar\CustomCalendar\CustomCalendar\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
C:\Users\Андрей\Downloads\CustomCalendar\CustomCalendar\CustomCalendar\CustomCalendar\bin\Debug\CustomCalendar.DAL.pdb
C:\Users\Андрей\Downloads\CustomCalendar\CustomCalendar\CustomCalendar\CustomCalendar\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\Андрей\Downloads\CustomCalendar\CustomCalendar\CustomCalendar\CustomCalendar\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
C:\Users\Андрей\Downloads\CustomCalendar\CustomCalendar\CustomCalendar\CustomCalendar\obj\Debug\CustomCalendar.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\Андрей\Downloads\CustomCalendar\CustomCalendar\CustomCalendar\CustomCalendar\obj\Debug\Resources\Brushes.baml
C:\Users\Андрей\Downloads\CustomCalendar\CustomCalendar\CustomCalendar\CustomCalendar\obj\Debug\Resources\Core.baml
C:\Users\Андрей\Downloads\CustomCalendar\CustomCalendar\CustomCalendar\CustomCalendar\obj\Debug\App.baml
C:\Users\Андрей\Downloads\CustomCalendar\CustomCalendar\CustomCalendar\CustomCalendar\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
C:\Users\Андрей\Downloads\CustomCalendar\CustomCalendar\CustomCalendar\CustomCalendar\obj\Debug\Resources\Core.g.cs
C:\Users\Андрей\Downloads\CustomCalendar\CustomCalendar\CustomCalendar\CustomCalendar\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
C:\Users\Андрей\Downloads\CustomCalendar\CustomCalendar\CustomCalendar\CustomCalendar\obj\Debug\CustomCalendar_MarkupCompile.cache
C:\Users\Андрей\Downloads\CustomCalendar\CustomCalendar\CustomCalendar\CustomCalendar\obj\Debug\CustomCalendar_MarkupCompile.lref
C:\Users\Андрей\Downloads\CustomCalendar\CustomCalendar\CustomCalendar\CustomCalendar\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
C:\Users\Андрей\Downloads\CustomCalendar\CustomCalendar\CustomCalendar\CustomCalendar\obj\Debug\CustomCalendar.g.resources
C:\Users\Андрей\Downloads\CustomCalendar\CustomCalendar\CustomCalendar\CustomCalendar\obj\Debug\CustomCalendar.Properties.Resources.resources
C:\Users\Андрей\Downloads\CustomCalendar\CustomCalendar\CustomCalendar\CustomCalendar\obj\Debug\CustomCalendar.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
C:\Users\Андрей\Downloads\CustomCalendar\CustomCalendar\CustomCalendar\CustomCalendar\obj\Debug\CustomCalendar.exe
C:\Users\Андрей\Downloads\CustomCalendar\CustomCalendar\CustomCalendar\CustomCalendar\obj\Debug\CustomCalendar.pdb
C:\Users\Андрей\Downloads\CustomCalendar\CustomCalendar\CustomCalendar\CustomCalendar\CustomCalendar\bin\Debug\CustomCalendar.exe.config
C:\Users\Андрей\Downloads\CustomCalendar\CustomCalendar\CustomCalendar\CustomCalendar\CustomCalendar\bin\Debug\CustomCalendar.exe
C:\Users\Андрей\Downloads\CustomCalendar\CustomCalendar\CustomCalendar\CustomCalendar\CustomCalendar\bin\Debug\CustomCalendar.pdb
C:\Users\Андрей\Downloads\CustomCalendar\CustomCalendar\CustomCalendar\CustomCalendar\CustomCalendar\bin\Debug\CustomCalendar.DAL.dll
C:\Users\Андрей\Downloads\CustomCalendar\CustomCalendar\CustomCalendar\CustomCalendar\CustomCalendar\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\Андрей\Downloads\CustomCalendar\CustomCalendar\CustomCalendar\CustomCalendar\CustomCalendar\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
C:\Users\Андрей\Downloads\CustomCalendar\CustomCalendar\CustomCalendar\CustomCalendar\CustomCalendar\bin\Debug\CustomCalendar.DAL.pdb
C:\Users\Андрей\Downloads\CustomCalendar\CustomCalendar\CustomCalendar\CustomCalendar\CustomCalendar\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\Андрей\Downloads\CustomCalendar\CustomCalendar\CustomCalendar\CustomCalendar\CustomCalendar\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
C:\Users\Андрей\Downloads\CustomCalendar\CustomCalendar\CustomCalendar\CustomCalendar\CustomCalendar\obj\Debug\CustomCalendar.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\Андрей\Downloads\CustomCalendar\CustomCalendar\CustomCalendar\CustomCalendar\CustomCalendar\obj\Debug\Resources\Brushes.baml
C:\Users\Андрей\Downloads\CustomCalendar\CustomCalendar\CustomCalendar\CustomCalendar\CustomCalendar\obj\Debug\Resources\Core.baml
C:\Users\Андрей\Downloads\CustomCalendar\CustomCalendar\CustomCalendar\CustomCalendar\CustomCalendar\obj\Debug\App.baml
C:\Users\Андрей\Downloads\CustomCalendar\CustomCalendar\CustomCalendar\CustomCalendar\CustomCalendar\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
C:\Users\Андрей\Downloads\CustomCalendar\CustomCalendar\CustomCalendar\CustomCalendar\CustomCalendar\obj\Debug\Resources\Core.g.cs
C:\Users\Андрей\Downloads\CustomCalendar\CustomCalendar\CustomCalendar\CustomCalendar\CustomCalendar\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
C:\Users\Андрей\Downloads\CustomCalendar\CustomCalendar\CustomCalendar\CustomCalendar\CustomCalendar\obj\Debug\CustomCalendar_MarkupCompile.cache
C:\Users\Андрей\Downloads\CustomCalendar\CustomCalendar\CustomCalendar\CustomCalendar\CustomCalendar\obj\Debug\CustomCalendar_MarkupCompile.lref
C:\Users\Андрей\Downloads\CustomCalendar\CustomCalendar\CustomCalendar\CustomCalendar\CustomCalendar\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
C:\Users\Андрей\Downloads\CustomCalendar\CustomCalendar\CustomCalendar\CustomCalendar\CustomCalendar\obj\Debug\CustomCalendar.g.resources
C:\Users\Андрей\Downloads\CustomCalendar\CustomCalendar\CustomCalendar\CustomCalendar\CustomCalendar\obj\Debug\CustomCalendar.Properties.Resources.resources
C:\Users\Андрей\Downloads\CustomCalendar\CustomCalendar\CustomCalendar\CustomCalendar\CustomCalendar\obj\Debug\CustomCalendar.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
C:\Users\Андрей\Downloads\CustomCalendar\CustomCalendar\CustomCalendar\CustomCalendar\CustomCalendar\obj\Debug\CustomCalendar.exe
C:\Users\Андрей\Downloads\CustomCalendar\CustomCalendar\CustomCalendar\CustomCalendar\CustomCalendar\obj\Debug\CustomCalendar.pdb
E:\downloads\CustomCalendar\CustomCalendar\CustomCalendar\CustomCalendar\CustomCalendar\bin\Debug\CustomCalendar.exe.config
E:\downloads\CustomCalendar\CustomCalendar\CustomCalendar\CustomCalendar\CustomCalendar\obj\Debug\CustomCalendar.exe
E:\downloads\CustomCalendar\CustomCalendar\CustomCalendar\CustomCalendar\CustomCalendar\obj\Debug\CustomCalendar.pdb
E:\downloads\CustomCalendar\CustomCalendar\CustomCalendar\CustomCalendar\CustomCalendar\bin\Debug\CustomCalendar.exe
E:\downloads\CustomCalendar\CustomCalendar\CustomCalendar\CustomCalendar\CustomCalendar\bin\Debug\CustomCalendar.pdb
E:\downloads\CustomCalendar\CustomCalendar\CustomCalendar\CustomCalendar\CustomCalendar\bin\Debug\CustomCalendar.DAL.dll
E:\downloads\CustomCalendar\CustomCalendar\CustomCalendar\CustomCalendar\CustomCalendar\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.dll
E:\downloads\CustomCalendar\CustomCalendar\CustomCalendar\CustomCalendar\CustomCalendar\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
E:\downloads\CustomCalendar\CustomCalendar\CustomCalendar\CustomCalendar\CustomCalendar\bin\Debug\CustomCalendar.DAL.pdb
E:\downloads\CustomCalendar\CustomCalendar\CustomCalendar\CustomCalendar\CustomCalendar\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.xml
E:\downloads\CustomCalendar\CustomCalendar\CustomCalendar\CustomCalendar\CustomCalendar\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
E:\downloads\CustomCalendar\CustomCalendar\CustomCalendar\CustomCalendar\CustomCalendar\obj\Debug\CustomCalendar.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
E:\downloads\CustomCalendar\CustomCalendar\CustomCalendar\CustomCalendar\CustomCalendar\obj\Debug\Resources\Brushes.baml
E:\downloads\CustomCalendar\CustomCalendar\CustomCalendar\CustomCalendar\CustomCalendar\obj\Debug\Resources\Core.baml
E:\downloads\CustomCalendar\CustomCalendar\CustomCalendar\CustomCalendar\CustomCalendar\obj\Debug\App.baml
E:\downloads\CustomCalendar\CustomCalendar\CustomCalendar\CustomCalendar\CustomCalendar\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
E:\downloads\CustomCalendar\CustomCalendar\CustomCalendar\CustomCalendar\CustomCalendar\obj\Debug\Resources\Core.g.cs
E:\downloads\CustomCalendar\CustomCalendar\CustomCalendar\CustomCalendar\CustomCalendar\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
E:\downloads\CustomCalendar\CustomCalendar\CustomCalendar\CustomCalendar\CustomCalendar\obj\Debug\CustomCalendar_MarkupCompile.cache
E:\downloads\CustomCalendar\CustomCalendar\CustomCalendar\CustomCalendar\CustomCalendar\obj\Debug\CustomCalendar_MarkupCompile.lref
E:\downloads\CustomCalendar\CustomCalendar\CustomCalendar\CustomCalendar\CustomCalendar\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
E:\downloads\CustomCalendar\CustomCalendar\CustomCalendar\CustomCalendar\CustomCalendar\obj\Debug\CustomCalendar.g.resources
E:\downloads\CustomCalendar\CustomCalendar\CustomCalendar\CustomCalendar\CustomCalendar\obj\Debug\CustomCalendar.Properties.Resources.resources
E:\downloads\CustomCalendar\CustomCalendar\CustomCalendar\CustomCalendar\CustomCalendar\obj\Debug\CustomCalendar.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
C:\Users\Андрей\Downloads\CustomCalendar\CustomCalendar\CustomCalendar\CustomCalendar\CustomCalendar\CustomCalendar\bin\Debug\CustomCalendar.exe.config
C:\Users\Андрей\Downloads\CustomCalendar\CustomCalendar\CustomCalendar\CustomCalendar\CustomCalendar\CustomCalendar\bin\Debug\CustomCalendar.exe
C:\Users\Андрей\Downloads\CustomCalendar\CustomCalendar\CustomCalendar\CustomCalendar\CustomCalendar\CustomCalendar\bin\Debug\CustomCalendar.pdb
C:\Users\Андрей\Downloads\CustomCalendar\CustomCalendar\CustomCalendar\CustomCalendar\CustomCalendar\CustomCalendar\bin\Debug\CustomCalendar.DAL.dll
C:\Users\Андрей\Downloads\CustomCalendar\CustomCalendar\CustomCalendar\CustomCalendar\CustomCalendar\CustomCalendar\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\Андрей\Downloads\CustomCalendar\CustomCalendar\CustomCalendar\CustomCalendar\CustomCalendar\CustomCalendar\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
C:\Users\Андрей\Downloads\CustomCalendar\CustomCalendar\CustomCalendar\CustomCalendar\CustomCalendar\CustomCalendar\bin\Debug\CustomCalendar.DAL.pdb
C:\Users\Андрей\Downloads\CustomCalendar\CustomCalendar\CustomCalendar\CustomCalendar\CustomCalendar\CustomCalendar\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\Андрей\Downloads\CustomCalendar\CustomCalendar\CustomCalendar\CustomCalendar\CustomCalendar\CustomCalendar\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
C:\Users\Андрей\Downloads\CustomCalendar\CustomCalendar\CustomCalendar\CustomCalendar\CustomCalendar\CustomCalendar\obj\Debug\Resources\Brushes.baml
C:\Users\Андрей\Downloads\CustomCalendar\CustomCalendar\CustomCalendar\CustomCalendar\CustomCalendar\CustomCalendar\obj\Debug\Resources\Core.baml
C:\Users\Андрей\Downloads\CustomCalendar\CustomCalendar\CustomCalendar\CustomCalendar\CustomCalendar\CustomCalendar\obj\Debug\App.baml
C:\Users\Андрей\Downloads\CustomCalendar\CustomCalendar\CustomCalendar\CustomCalendar\CustomCalendar\CustomCalendar\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
C:\Users\Андрей\Downloads\CustomCalendar\CustomCalendar\CustomCalendar\CustomCalendar\CustomCalendar\CustomCalendar\obj\Debug\Resources\Core.g.cs
C:\Users\Андрей\Downloads\CustomCalendar\CustomCalendar\CustomCalendar\CustomCalendar\CustomCalendar\CustomCalendar\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
C:\Users\Андрей\Downloads\CustomCalendar\CustomCalendar\CustomCalendar\CustomCalendar\CustomCalendar\CustomCalendar\obj\Debug\CustomCalendar_MarkupCompile.cache
C:\Users\Андрей\Downloads\CustomCalendar\CustomCalendar\CustomCalendar\CustomCalendar\CustomCalendar\CustomCalendar\obj\Debug\CustomCalendar_MarkupCompile.lref
C:\Users\Андрей\Downloads\CustomCalendar\CustomCalendar\CustomCalendar\CustomCalendar\CustomCalendar\CustomCalendar\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
C:\Users\Андрей\Downloads\CustomCalendar\CustomCalendar\CustomCalendar\CustomCalendar\CustomCalendar\CustomCalendar\obj\Debug\CustomCalendar.g.resources
C:\Users\Андрей\Downloads\CustomCalendar\CustomCalendar\CustomCalendar\CustomCalendar\CustomCalendar\CustomCalendar\obj\Debug\CustomCalendar.Properties.Resources.resources
C:\Users\Андрей\Downloads\CustomCalendar\CustomCalendar\CustomCalendar\CustomCalendar\CustomCalendar\CustomCalendar\obj\Debug\CustomCalendar.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
C:\Users\Андрей\Downloads\CustomCalendar\CustomCalendar\CustomCalendar\CustomCalendar\CustomCalendar\CustomCalendar\obj\Debug\CustomCalendar.exe
C:\Users\Андрей\Downloads\CustomCalendar\CustomCalendar\CustomCalendar\CustomCalendar\CustomCalendar\CustomCalendar\obj\Debug\CustomCalendar.pdb
C:\Users\Андрей\Downloads\CustomCalendar\CustomCalendar\CustomCalendar\CustomCalendar\CustomCalendar\CustomCalendar\bin\Debug\CustomCalendar.exe.CodeAnalysisLog.xml
C:\Users\Андрей\Downloads\CustomCalendar\CustomCalendar\CustomCalendar\CustomCalendar\CustomCalendar\CustomCalendar\bin\Debug\CustomCalendar.exe.lastcodeanalysissucceeded
C:\Users\Андрей\Downloads\CustomCalendar\CustomCalendar\CustomCalendar\CustomCalendar\CustomCalendar\CustomCalendar\obj\Debug\CustomCalendar.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\Laba\Documents\GitHub\Calendar\Calendar\CustomCalendar\bin\Debug\CustomCalendar.exe.config
C:\Users\Laba\Documents\GitHub\Calendar\Calendar\CustomCalendar\obj\Debug\CustomCalendar.exe
C:\Users\Laba\Documents\GitHub\Calendar\Calendar\CustomCalendar\obj\Debug\CustomCalendar.pdb
